[azure-keyvault] Mentioning the ms-rest-azure requirements (#5171)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-node: lib/services/keyVault/README.md

# Microsoft Azure SDK for Node.js - Key Vault

> This project provides a Node.js package for accessing keys, secrets and certificates on Azure Key Vault.
> 
> Right now it supports:
> - **Node.js version: 6.x.x or higher**
> - **REST API version: 7.0**
> - **ms-rest-azure version 2.6.0**

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
This project provides a Node.js package for accessing keys, secrets and certificates on Azure Key Vault.

It supports:
- **Node.js version: 6.x.x or higher**
- **Keyvault REST API version: 7.0**

> Note: Only version 2.6.0 of `ms-rest-azure` package can be used to authenticate. Higher versions of this package are not supported.
```

Author: I like it! Thank you!

# Microsoft Azure SDK for Node.js - Key Vault

This project provides a Node.js package for accessing keys, secrets and certificates on Azure Key Vault.

Right now it supports:
- **Node.js version: 6.x.x or higher**
- **REST API version: 7.0**
- **ms-rest-azure version 2.6.0**.  

>   We recommend authenticating with `KeyvaultCredentials`, either the one exported by this package (`azure-keyvault`),

Reviewer: What does `KeyvaultCredentials` provide that other login credentials from `azure-keyvault` do not have?

Author: I could be understanding what you said wrongly. I am trying to express this what you said here https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-node/issues/5153#issuecomment-636248372 :

> update readme with a note on when KeyvaultCredentials should be used instead of the credentials from ms rest azure

Reviewer: My bad, I should have been more clear.

From your investigations, what I have understood is that both KeyvaultCredentials and the normal credentials from ms-rest-azure work with azure-keyvault package.

As a user, it is not clear to me as to why or when should I use KeyvaultCredentials vs the other normal credentials from ms-rest-azure. What is the difference between the two? Which of the two are we advocating for?

Author: It is as you said, any of them work as long as we're in 2.6.0. I don't personally think we should suggest using one authentication method over the other, though I do think we need to mention the 2.6.0 requirement. I will fix my changes to express what I'm stating in this comment.

Author: I mean, I think it would be fair to say only this then?

> Right now it supports:
> - **Node.js version: 6.x.x or higher**
> - **REST API version: 7.0**
> - **ms-rest-azure version 2.6.0**.

Reviewer: I believe it might need a little more attention than clubbing with node version which people usually skip over

Reviewer: We can handle the note on `KeyvaultCredentials` in a separate PR if needed
